Document OIDC options for Spectro VM Dashboard: PEM-2283 (#1526)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/vm-management/vm-packs-profiles/configure_OIDC.md

---
sidebar_label: "Configure OIDC"
title: "Configure OIDC"

> description: "Learn how to configure OIDC so Palette displays the Spectro VM Dashboard."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn how to configure OIDC so Palette displays the Virtual Machine Dashboard."
```

icon: " "
hide_table_of_contents: false
sidebar_position: 0
tags: ["vmo", "oidc"]
---

> Palette displays the VM dashboard based on OpenID Connect (OIDC) Identity Provider options you enable in the Kubernetes layer of the cluster profile you will use for your Virtual Machine Orchestrator (VMO) cluster.

Reviewer 2: This feels like a run-on sentence.

Author: Revised.

## Prerequisites

- A configured cluster profile. For more information, review [Create a Cluster Profile](/cluster-profiles/task-define-profile).

## Configure OIDC Options

1. Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com/).

2. From the left **Main Menu** click **Profiles**.

3. Select the cluster profile to update. Palette displays profile details and the profile stack.

> 4. Select the Kubernetes layer in the profile stack, and choose **None** or **Palette** as the OIDC Identity Provider.

Reviewer 2: Is `Custom`  or `Inherit from Tenant` not a value?

Author: @karl-cardenas-coding They are, but from what I understand you must choose either None or Palette in order to display the dashboard. That's why I asked about the one paragraph in the Add Roles and Role Bindings doc for VMO.

Author: Added all `Custom` and `Inherit from Tenant`.

5. Click **Confirm Updates**. 

6. Save your changes.

## Validate

1. From the left **Main Menu** click **Profiles**.

2. Select the cluster profile you updated. Palette displays profile details and the profile stack.

> 3. Select the Kubernetes layer. Palette displays the OIDC Identity Provider you selected - either **None** or **Palette**.

Reviewer 2: Same question as above.

Author: @karl-cardenas-coding In order to display the VM dashboard, the user must select either one of these options. It's why I asked if the other OIDC options still applied.

---
sidebar_label: "Configure OIDC"
title: "Configure OIDC"
description: "Learn how to configure OIDC so Palette displays the Virtual Machine Dashboard."
icon: " "
hide_table_of_contents: false
sidebar_position: 15
tags: ["vmo", "oidc"]
---

Palette displays the Virtual Machine dashboard based on the OpenID Connect (OIDC) Identity Provider option that you select in the Kubernetes layer of the infrastructure profile.

## Prerequisites

> - A configured infrastructure profile. For more information, review [Create a Cluster Profile](/cluster-profiles/task-define-profile).

Reviewer 2: This URL needs to point to the file name.

Author: Fixed.

> - A configured infrastructure profile. For more information, review [Create a Cluster Profile](/cluster-profiles/task-define-profile).

Reviewer 2: This URL needs to be updated so it points to the desired file.

Author: Fixed

2. From the left **Main Menu** click **Profiles**.

3. Select the cluster profile to update. Palette displays profile details and the profile stack.

4. Select the Kubernetes layer in the profile stack, and choose an OIDC Identity Provider option. Refer to [Configure OIDC Identify Provider](../../integrations/kubernetes.md#configure-oidc-identity-provider) to learn more about OIDC options.

  Selecting **None** or **Palette** will display the Virtual Machine dashboard in a tab.

  Selecting **Inherit from Tenant** or **Custom** will display a link to the dashboard on the cluster overview page.

  :::caution

  We do not recommend choosing **None** in a production environment, as it may disable authentication for add-ons that rely on OIDC.

  :::

5. Click **Confirm Updates**. 

6. Save your changes.

## Validate

1. From the left **Main Menu** click **Profiles**.

2. Select the cluster profile you updated. Palette displays profile details and the profile stack.

3. Select the Kubernetes layer. Palette displays the OIDC Identity Provider you selected - either **None**, **Palette**, **Inherit from Tenant**, or **Custom**.

## Next Steps

> Now you are ready to create the VMO profile. Refer to [Create the VMO Profile](/vm-management/vm-packs-profiles/create-vmo-profile) for guidance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You are now ready to create the VMO profile. Refer to [Create the VMO Profile](/vm-management/vm-packs-profiles/create-vmo-profile) for guidance.
```
I think this sounds a bit more simpler.

@ritawatson this URL also needs to be fixed.

Author: Fixed URL. Agree about wording and fixed it.
